.TH ROTT 6 "2006-05-01" "1.0" "Rise of the Triad"

.SH NAME
rott \- Rise of the Triad

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rott
.RI [ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ROTT
is a port of Apogee's 3D action title Rise of the Triad, originally released in 1994.
This port duplicates the functionality of the original game on modern operating systems, including Linux, Win32, and OSX.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR spaceball
Enable check for Spaceball.
.TP
.BR nojoys
Disable check for joystick.
.TP
.BR nomouse
Disable check for mouse.
.TP
.BR cyberman
Enable check for Cyberman.
.TP
.BR assassin
Enable check for Wingman Assassin.
.TP
.BR ver
Version number.
.TP
.BR fullscreen
Enable Full Screen video mode.
.TP
.BR mapstats
Dump Map statistics to ERROR.
.TP
.BR tilestats
Dump Tile statistics to ERROR.
.TP
.BR mono
Enable mono-monitor support.
.TP
.BR screenshots
Clean screen capture for shots.
.TP
.BR pause
Pauses startup screen information.
.TP
.BR enablevr
Enable VR helmet input devices.
.TP
.BR noecho
Turn off sound reverb.
.TP
.BR demoexit
Exit program when demo is terminated.
.TP
.BR warp\  \fIlevel\fP
Warp to specific ROTT level (next paramater is level to start on).
.TP
.BR timelimit\  \fItime\fP
Play ROTT in time limit mode (next paramater is time in seconds).
.TP
.BR maxtimelimit\  \fItime\fP
Maximimum time to count down from (next paramater is time in seconds).
.TP
.BR dopefish
?

.SH AUTHORS
ROTT was created and published as shareware by Apogee Software, Ltd. and was published commercially by FormGen, Inc.
.PP
The primary contributors to this port are: Steven Fuller, Ryan Gordon, John Hall and Dan Olson.
.PP
This manual page was written by Fabian Greffrath <fabian@debian-unofficial.org>
for the Debian Unofficial project (but may be used by others).
